Products Inventory:
        Rn if someone wants to enter the quantity of eggs, they can only enter it in the unit of
        trays meaning if u want to enter 1 egg, u'll have to calculate the percentage of 1/30.
        It makes sense to u but it makes the user experience terrible. Pple shouldn't have to be
        good at maths to use ur app. In record production, make it so that someone enters the 
        quantity of eggs then it calculates how many trays these are for u or sth better

Products Page:
        For dairy and eggs pages, for the tally I am yet to work on the calves and chicks section
        so they are just displaying a default zero. I need to add year of birth in animals.

Dairy Page: 
        You need to delete all columns apart from id, animal_ref_id, milkProduction and isPregnant
        in female_cows. Why? Table animals already contains all the other data. Rn to edit things,
        you have to edit both tables which is unnecessary and could introduce errors. I noticed
        that I can't just go to the DB and edit the tag_name in female_cows cz then I'll have to 
        edit it also in animals. You see? I've left room for inconsistencies. Chat says that the
        point of a relational database is to allow u to save once and use multiple times so for
        tables like female_cows, what I'll do is I'll only be storing data that is specific to
        female cows there like pregancy status and milk production. I'll use JOINS to access the
        data. This means that u also need to edit enterAnimal.php, don't forget.

Eggs Page:
        Tally   ✔ 
        Graphs  ✔
        Table:
                Search functionality    ✔
                        I've fixed the search functionality of breed. The problem was looping the ids.
                        You need to do the same for health and lifestyle. They are working well now
                        but there's room for future errors.
                        Also, when you update dairy.php check to see if the search functionality of 
                        milk production and isPregnant needs to be fine tuned
                Edit functionality      
                        I've fixed the edit functionality. Plz update the dairy page
                Delete functionality    ✔
                        When someone deletes, the reload fuction works perfectly but I've noticed
                        that in the tally, the hen population stays the same until I reload the page.
                        You need to make the hen population update without reloading the whole page
                More Options            ✔

Add guidance on how to enter Animal in enterAnimal.php

Calendar:
        1.Add an alert section
        2.Add submittion functionality to eventPopup                                            ✔  
        3.Add editting of events                                                                ✔
        4.Add deletion of events                                                                ✔
        5.Change calendar default colors
        6.Add functionality where user can specify who else can see the event
        7.Add popup or error indication for when end date of event is less than start date
        8.Disable autocomplete for the event popup                                              ✔
        9.Change the colors of the calendar to the website colors
        10.Include addition of things to events table from pages like recordFeeding etc

Use sweetAlert2 to give messages to the users in every page. Link: https://sweetalert2.github.io/#examples
                                                    Github: https://github.com/sweetalert2/sweetalert2/releases

Make sure you start sessions in every page(require auth.php or admin_auth.php)

For the tables, add color to pending and approved depending on the value.